docs: update AppKit terminology to Reown across documentation (#738)
reown-com/reown-docs: appkit/migration/from-rainbowkit-next.mdx

```

<Info>

> Reown's web components are global HTML elements that don't require importing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reown AppKit's web components are global HTML elements that don't require importing.
```
